Barack Obama is the Nickelback of
presidents Obama couldn't negotiate
getting a whopper
without pickles at Woodstock Dave thanks
Dave
I bet Obama likes mustard on his hot
dogs because he's gross dumb Punk's just
found out my daughter shares a birthday
with Obama puke in cats at mom of four
munchkins Barack Obama dances like how
his jeans look you know this jeans thing
this is so old years ago come on my mom
bought new conditioner and it sucks
it isn't even conditioning my hair I
blame Obama Barack Obama bro do you even
lift
well I lifted the ban on Cuban cigars
that's worse than Barack Obama is the
sharknado of presidents loud stupid and
overhyped hashtag sharknado for
President Obama will go down as perhaps
the worst president in the history of
the United States exclamation point at
real Donald Trump at real Donald Trump
at least I will go down as a president
a thirty rack of Coors Light is $23 now
at Sun stop thanks Obama
[Applause]